README.md, before:

# bing\_image\_creator\_api

This repository was created using the code from these repositories:
* https://github.com/nociza/Bimg
* https://github.com/acheong08/BingImageCreator

I am very thankful to the creators of these repos, they did an amazing job. I simplified the algorithm a lot and added a better (in my opinion) way to invoke the tool programmatically.

## What's not currently supported

Using boosts for generations

## Installation

`pip install bing_image_creator_api`

## Usage

### As a library

```python
import bing_image_creator_api
import asyncio
import webbrowser
from getpass import getpass

async def main():
    client = bing_image_creator_api.Client(user_token=getpass("Enter your user token: "))
    urls = await client.create("cute puppies")
    for url in urls:
        webbrowser.open(url)

asyncio.run(main())
```

### As a standalone program

The "token file" is a file containing tokens from one or more accounts, where each token is placed on a separate line. This file can have comments that start with "#"

```bash
python -m bing_image_creator_api -t '/path/to/token/file.txt' -n 10 -p "cute puppies" # Generate at least 10 images and then stop
python -m bing_image_creator_api -t '/path/to/token/file.txt' -p "cute puppies" # Generate images until killed (Ctrl+C)
```

Commit message:

Added a note about the first account possibly getting banned

README.md, after:

# bing\_image\_creator\_api

This repository was created using the code from these repositories:
* https://github.com/nociza/Bimg
* https://github.com/acheong08/BingImageCreator

I am very thankful to the creators of these repos, they did an amazing job. I simplified the algorithm a lot and added a better (in my opinion) way to invoke the tool programmatically.

## What's not currently supported

Using boosts for generations

## Installation

`pip install bing_image_creator_api`

## Usage

### As a library

```python
import bing_image_creator_api
import asyncio
import webbrowser
from getpass import getpass

async def main():
    client = bing_image_creator_api.Client(user_token=getpass("Enter your user token: "))
    urls = await client.create("cute puppies")
    for url in urls:
        webbrowser.open(url)

asyncio.run(main())
```

### As a standalone program

The "token file" is a file containing tokens from one or more accounts, where each token is placed on a separate line. This file can have comments that start with "#". Be aware that the first token from the list is used to check if the prompt will pass the filter, which may lead the account the token belongs to to be banned if the prompt is actually unsafe, so it will be mindful to use the token from an account you don't care about as the first token. Repeating tokens are **not** removed

```bash
python -m bing_image_creator_api -t '/path/to/token/file.txt' -n 10 -p "cute puppies" # Generate at least 10 images and then stop
python -m bing_image_creator_api -t '/path/to/token/file.txt' -p "cute puppies" # Generate images until killed (Ctrl+C)
```
